welcome everybody to sly cooper season
time actually got an early copy of the
game and we're gonna let's play right
here no not exactly this is just the
demo of the game that you actually get
with the new released Ratchet and Clank
collection that comes with that and I a
10-year anniversary I Connolly for the
PlayStation 3 but we're going to be
doing a little gameplay kind of like a
review type thing and just check out
with new demo just to see how the fill
the game is the game play in the content
for it that's provided by Sanzaru games
Wow somehow this place looks smaller
from the outside why by scan shows the
crowded here is rigged when
detectors which means you'll need to
stay off the floor you wanted to be a
trapeze artist here's your chance cool
how does this sound for a stage name the
amazing goop peroni huh huh right it's
good it sounds like bad and how you take
out i'm betty bad platform is where
they're keeping gallon go check it out
all right smart guy on my way but let's
go wit and get the feel of this game um
i actually have played it and the fit
love it it's actually quite good i'm not
gonna lie i think sends our games are
doing very well job obviously the
graphics are not the same but you can't
expect him to have the exact same
graphics in the two thousand design that
sucker punch did in that sensor our
games are doing now I've seen a lot of
comments on my other sly Let's Plays
saying that how come this is not for ps2
will obviously they really hadn't made a
ps2 game in a very long time it's not
really focus on that anymore as much as
a wheat focuses ps3 as much as we you so
I really expected them to do pit play
section 3 luckily I have one I except
the sly collection the ratchet chain the
ratchet and clank collection as well the
jak and daxter collection but i'm really
anticipating this game for the i believe
is februari 2013 I'd seen a lot of
gameplay on it as such as this one
before this demo ever came out and it
you know it looked actually really good
i love how they're doing the storyline
going back in the Cooper's because if
you remember back in the end of slide 3
honor among thieves they actually we're
making
a Bentley claims are making a what is it
I can't even think at a time machine
which I'm glad how they just rolled with
that to make a really good story line
and it's gonna be really cool to
actually meet all the Cooper's you know
I think that I just think it's going to
be a very well put together game and
hopefully it's a long game play a lot of
gameplay to play with I cannot wait to
LP that midnight release on my channel
and if you guys want to come hang out
you know just do it I probably be some
live stream some interactive things
maybe even a giveaway cuz I've had some
messages saying when you please do the
game I can actually get it and I might
do a giveaway of the actual gain I'd be
pretty cool think viewers would like to
get a copy of the game if they can't get
one from themselves that'll be something
fun to get I don't know I you know it's
in the future it's about six months from
now so we'll see you know it's good I
just can't wait I'm just so excited
actually get to play this game I wish I
actually had an early copy that would be
so cool right now and share it with you
guys don't really would want to spoil
anything but you know but as i've been
playing through this the fill of its
really good i'm not too critical or wow
I actually hit me really looking for the
graphic design or the game design I mean
or the even though what is the word I'm
not even looking for the voice acting in
the game because I don't expect them
they had the same voice acting back in
the 2001 mainly because I mean voice I
think is actually kind of easy to mock
because if you've ever heard a cartoon
normally it's not the same one actually
even all three slides have a different
carmelita voice so they're not really
similar either they didn't do the best
job with that sucker punch but it didn't
take away of the aspect of a game in my
opinion no are you kidding me alright
but we should not have actually much
more to do it's not really that longer a
demo ok I'll pay attention but if you
guys have Wow of course right when I hit
it
alright let's wait but if you guys
actually have had the retching klein
collection or have seen this demo before
what do you guys think about Salafis in
time you know I'm not with my opinions
you've all heard my opinions what do you
guys think of it if you it's kind of
different than seeing and actually
playing so you know that's a pretty big
difference so hopefully you guys will
get to play it if not that not cool
hopefully you guys to get at least get
to get the real game that's what really
matters so let's shoot this last little
thing it's quite easy the actuarial
arrow kind of aspect of this demo in
general is actually pretty cool in
itself so let's go ahead up here and see
what sir Galef cooper has to say I'm
pretty sure he's up here sur calif my
name is sly I've come to rescue you
greetings friend but I require no rescue
I am merely biding my time until the a
proper strategic moment yes that so how
long have you been biding your time well
I suppose it has been about a fortnight
alright if you want to stay here with
the cannonballs and flaming rings that's
fine i'm heading back to my gangs
hideout to plan our next move you make a
good point sir yes i believe the time is
now that it's rush forward that we may
strike a crushing blow against the black
tyrant to imprison whoa one thing at a
time let's just get back to the hideout
first
well a very good demo in my opinion
sends our game a good job with this I
can't wait to see the rest of the game
maybe even I wish another league demo
even since you pushed the game back to
2013 which really killed me I could not
wait to play it but go ahead guys and
leave some feedback below will tell me
what you thought about the gameplay and
what the rest of the game is gonna be
like what you're hoping it's gonna be
like tell me anything else you guys if
you have any questions feel free to
message me your comment below subscribe
the channel to see this LP coming in the
future or just to see any other sly LP
that I'm going or are currently doing
slightly through your honor among
thieves if you're gonna join and have
some fun with that if you're new coming
to the channel but anyways guys he's
going to gamer here and i'll see you
guys later